FF129 Relnote: RTCDTMFSender.canInsertDTMF supported (#34862)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcdtmfsender/insertdtmf/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`insertDTMF()`** method on the {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} interface starts sending {{Glossary("DTMF")}} tones to the remote peer over the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`insertDTMF()`** method of the {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} interface initiates the sending of {{Glossary("DTMF")}} tones to the remote peer over the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The **`insertDTMF()`** method of the {{domxref("RTCDTMFSender")}} interface sends {{Glossary("DTMF")}} tones to the remote peer over the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection")}}.
```

> Sending of the tones is performed asynchronously, with [`tonechange`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCDTMFSender/tonechange_event) events sent to the `RTCDTMFSender` every time a tone starts or ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tones are sent asynchronously. Every time a tone starts or ends, a [`tonechange`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCDTMFSender/tonechange_event) event is sent to the `RTCDTMFSender` .
```

> As long as the connection is active, you can send tones at any time. Calling `insertDTMF()` replaces any already-pending tones from the `toneBuffer`.

Reviewer: Making this more direct
```suggestion
You can call `insertDTMF()` at any time while the connection is active. Each call to `insertDTMF()` replaces any pending tones in the `toneBuffer`.
```

You can abort sending queued tones by specifying an empty string (`""`) as the set of tones to play.

> Since `insertDTMF()` replaces the tone buffer, in order to add to the DTMF tones being played, it is necessary to call `insertDTMF` with a string containing both the remaining tones (stored in the `toneBuffer`) and the new tones appended together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `insertDTMF()` replaces the tone buffer, in order to add to the DTMF tones being played, it is necessary to call `insertDTMF()` with a string containing both the remaining tones (stored in the `toneBuffer`) and the new tones appended together.
```

### Parameters

- `tones`
  - : A string containing the DTMF codes to be transmitted to the recipient.
    Specifying an empty string as the `tones` parameter clears the tone buffer, aborting any currently queued tones.

>     A "," character inserts a two second delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A "," character inserts a two-second delay.
```

>     A "," character inserts a two-second delay.

Reviewer: Re-reading this and I think we can probably add a bit more explanation. Something along these lines...
```suggestion
    A comma character `,` in the string inserts a two-second delay. For example `"12,34"` will send tones for `1` and `2`, pause for two seconds, and then send `3` and `4`. Multiple commas add a longer delay, so `,,` will add four seconds.
```

Author: Sure. I didn't actually subedit any of these - just removed the odd line breaks. This is definitely helpful though, IMO

- `duration` {{optional_inline}}
  - : The amount of time, in milliseconds, that each DTMF tone should last.
    This value must be between 40 ms and 6000 ms (6 seconds), inclusive. The default is 100 ms.
- `interToneGap` {{optional_inline}}
  - : The length of time, in milliseconds, to wait between tones.

>     The browser will enforce a minimum value of 30 ms (that is, if you specify a lower value, 30 ms will be used instead); the default is 70 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The browser will enforce a minimum value of 30 ms (that is, if you specify a lower value, 30 ms will be used instead). The default is 70 ms.
```

### Exceptions

- `InvalidStateError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}

>   - : Thrown if the DTMF tones couldn't be sent because the track has been stopped or is in a read-only or inactive state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Thrown if the DTMF tones cannot be sent because the track has been stopped or is in a read-only or inactive state.
```

- `InvalidCharacterError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if one or more of the characters in `tones` is not valid DTMF (0-9, A-Z, # or ,).

> ## Examples

Reviewer: Similar changes can be applied here if updating in `canInsertDTMF`. The phrasing here can focus on the use of `insertDTMF()`.
